Question 1: In Linux, the Nice command is used to prioritize the execution of processes.
a. Tell me more about it and if given a choice where do you think it will be useful in your existing project ?
b. If you have to prioritize a specific workloads in a dockerd or k8s environment, how will you do it similarly to the native Nice command of Linux ?

Question 2 : What do you know about LINUX Signals, how does Inter-Process Communication happen with uses of signals.
Follow-up : How is it related to Kubernetes pod status and to Docker entry points ?

Question 3 :What are the kubernetes probs that you have used in your deployments, explain their importance and pre-requisites for each one.
Follow up:
1. What are the check mechanisms that you used while implementing the probs apart form the httpGet
2. Probs seem very useful, Why doesn't Kubernetes mandate applications to have default probs ?
startup, readiness and liveness all are optional, why ?

Question 4 : We spoke about IPC socket or Unix domain socket in Question 2 (find that question in previous posts), explain how inter-process communication workflow works in Docker Architecture.
Follow up:
1. What is the role of docker.sock file ?
2. How Docker socket work ?

Question 5 : Design a Kubernetes deployment setup where you have 3 applications that need to run in HA to create a solution. However the applications have starting and running dependencies and requirements.
a. application 1 should always start first
b. application 2 should always start after application 1 is Ready
c. application 3 should always start after application 2 is Ready
Follow up:
1. How will you design a check mechanism for the applications in such a way that restarts and schedular reschedules dont break the dependence requirements
2. How will you plan to incorporate such check mechanism with CD tools where deployments are gitops driven

Question 6 : Please explain your understanding of multilayer switches and what Layer 4 LAN switching does.
Follow up:
1. Which component of Kubernetes using this technology and how ?

Question 7 : You have 3 applications that make a solution. UI application, business application and database application. All the three applications are installable stand alone and connect with one another via configurations and endpoints. UI application needs 100MB and 1CPU, business application needs 200MB and 2CPU while the database application needs 300MB and 3CPU for every 1000 users payload. So think of this as 1:2:3 ratio in terms of resources.

How will you design deployment the solution on the following infrastructures and also make the sure the resource ratios are maintained:
1. On VM
2. On docker setup
3. On k8s setup

Follow up:
Design the most optional solution, keeping the production cost as priority.